- [Voiceover] Hi, I'm Anson Alexander,
and welcome to learn
Google AdSense, the basics.
In this course, we'll look
at using Google AdSense
to display and earn
revenue from advertisements
on your website.
I'll start by showing you how to set up
and configure a Google AdSense account.
Then I'll go over some
key concepts and terms
related to both the digital advertising
and the digital publishing industry.
I'll show you how to use
AdSense on your website
to start displaying
advertisements and earn revenue.
We'll take a look at how to identify
advertising trends and
maximize the performance
of the ads being displayed on your website
using AdSense performance reports.
We'll be covering all of these features,
plus plenty of other tools and techniques
for you to start earning revenue
on your website or blog
using Google AdSense.
Now, let's get started with learn
Google AdSense, the basics.